Time to practice the things we learned. Here I'm back in the exercise we did before where we outsourced
all the different pieces into components.
Until now we're not able to have them talk to each other,
time to change this.
What I want to achieve now or what I want you to achieve is that in my servers component here,
we get a separate component for each list item and we loop through all these separate components
we then created with a v-for loop and pass the current index so the current server number to stay
in this world
to this server.
Well let's make it a bit more complicated,
actually let's create an array of server objects here in the servers vue instance we have to create
in the script tags therefore, remember that data should be a function when having a single file template
like this and then pass the the ID of each server which you set in this object to each component here
which holds a list item and then when you click such a server here, I want to load it in the server
details component where we have a button to switch the server status which should also be managed in
the data property of the servers.vue file.
Now I will start by setting up this object holding all the servers and thereafter,
I would recommend going on on your own,
I'm just doing this as some starting help so that you don't accidentally run into problems just because
I maybe did not clearly say what the idea is.
So here we would have in the servers.vue file a default object with some data,
remember data shall be a function returning an object which then actually holds our data
and then, I want to have a servers property in this vue instance available therefore and servers should
be an array of multiple javascript objects where each object has let's say ID, server ID, that
could be a number, one for example and then a status, let's say normal for the first one and then I'll
repeat this three times,
so I have the IDs one to four and I have critical,
I have unknown and I have normal again, just an example.
And then, this is where you take over,
I want you to loop through all these servers, create a new component for the list item, pass the ID and
the status to that, be able to click this component and then load the server in server details where
we have a button to change the status back to normal.
That's the exercise,
let's see how you solve it.
I will show you my solution in the next video.